I'm here with multi talented actress
Emma Thompson who is now a writer an
actress and a an introducer and a car
and a TV cook yes and we are making
berries and cream
tartlets from the June issue of Martha
Stewart Living magazine so here's here's
the story look Oh
viva la oh look at that and all those
backgrounds were embroidered by a
Japanese artist a machine embroidery
oh so those plates are not real they are
really just beautiful embroideries yeah
don't try this at home everyone oh yes
right every one of these recipes don't
do the employ so this is the children
pastry Jojo just made that you go to
chilled in squares and just roll it out
to about an eighth of an inch thick you
can use your handles because that the
ball bearings
oh yes that's much easier yeah you're
using those are kind of prehistoric
wanna yeah no no that's the French kind
oh is it yeah this is this makes it a
little bit easier for difficulties it's
really good amongst all funky well you
have to roll it out evenly in one
direction only one Roenicke is all gone
horribly wrong here okay okay it's not
bitter but it's almost better when she's
round was just okay at least one of them
little thinner no no I always go to be
thinner than this is so much wine we
teaching and puts home seat
oh my gosh Howard's and Sensibility
I can watch those movies over and over
and over again that's the thing okay so
you're almost ready just do that so that
little bit one direction they all sort
of come frontwards and then pull back
without really rolling no harder one
direction oh you see okay okay okay I'll
give you one of my rounds
okay thanks that's really decent of you
so we're going to around with a pastry
cutter you don't have to do it with a
patron but this makes it much faster
yeah okay so you take that and you pick
it up you know they're nice little round
and you could Pam them do you know what
Pam is okay and just press this in if it
tears don't worry because yeah because
it's you just mend it okay okay and it's
and then it makes it that nice thickness
yes it's not there I see those finished
ones and then you just break off that
you see oh you did a good job I don't
like them she's sick so see that's
that's the way it should look okay and
then you bake these at 325 degrees for
about 25 minutes okay and they come out
like this when you don't have to put
little beanie things into no because
this is a cookie dough okay
see that's why see how nice this is when
you break this it's your taste it it's
really a cookie dough good right mm-hmm
tasty like shortbread mm-hmm yes
more like that's good okay so now you
can incorporate just fold the whipped
cream into the crimp edges my
grandmother used to call a lost lick oh
good isn't it yeah that's a very good
name for them well if you considered
that she was cooking during the war and
of course you know ingredients were very
hard to come by so you had to have one
of these things - so you didn't waste
I'm not wasted you and I you know that
it's very important for everyone to have
a rubber scraper rubber scraper makes it
more elegant rubber scraper sounds like
we're gonna call it laughs we're gonna
sell that at Macy's in the market right
you were going up did did your your your
mom or someone must have cooked did they
give you the last literally at the end
of the cooking yes that's fine okay so
now with a spoon you just fill the tart
shells with a dollop yeah
you call them dollops don't looks
absolutely you can do do with dollops
all through and then arrange your
berries in whichever fashion I like
raspberries oh I've got a good that in
ninety went feed the this one um this
really has to trickle away no the word I
used the word treacle but was told that
for an American audience ie you I had to
change it to syrup now if I said to you
treacle would you know what I meant I
would but I don't know there's oh you
wouldn't yes some do some don't
okay so we did change it in the end so I
think syrup and it's sort of like a it's
like a treacle is like a molasses corn
syrup yeah something like that
I just love the words I love the word
treacle yes it's as delicious treacle
pudding treacle pudding absolutely all
those terrible puddings that that he'll
English people regularly terrible heart
conditions
you know how much have you eaten Oh
pounds and pounds his sort of he made it
sounds it does but look look look what I
found Emma Thompson tart Sega too
you know what that signifies they maybe
it's another of those words that doesn't
mean the same thing in America as
anywhere I'm going to put that on my
fridge very
you're gonna see nanny mcphee returns
when it arrives in theaters with syrup
not treacle next the one the only the
very big fake birds and still to come
Antonio Banderas so stay with us